hello it's Ruby and I am delighted to be
back I know that I said I wasn't going
to upload until the 27th but on Friday I
had my penultimate exam and since I've
got 10 days before my next I thought
that I might be able to have a revision
break and film a video for you this is a
video that I've wanted to film for such
a long time and I've got a lot of
requests to do it it is a Hermione
Granger inspired book list so these are
books I feel she would read were she
muggle so I'm going to start with
fiction but I feel regarding fiction
Hermione would look to either
traditional classics or cult classics so
I'm going to start with the more
traditional classics so authors such as
Austin the Bronte's Dickens Hardy these
are the sorts of authors you should be
looking at they'll challenge you they
will improve your vocabulary they'll all
of them are fantastic um so I've just
got a few examples here so I've just got
my copy of Jane Eyre and of great
expectations and and also I'm just going
to show you these these are my um I've
got all of it all of the Dickens books
apart from great expectations in this
gorgeous red binding I feel Hermione
would definitely be more inclined to
purchase books that do look as you'd
expect Hogwarts library books to look
and you can get these in charity shops
in antique shops then you've got cult
classics so I've just got a few examples
here
I've got kin The Invisible Man and Moby
Dick this includes books such as 1984
Fahrenheit 451 to kill a mockingbird
that's really it for fiction
I feel Hermione is more of a nonfiction
person so I'm going to start with the
first subsection of nonfiction which is
autobiographies so I'm personally and
not actually I haven't read very many
white autobiographies I want to read
more but one that I have read sort of a
sort of an autobiography and I've read
the journals with Sylvia Plath and
is definitely something I think my
anybody loved but you could also read
one and think of inspirational people
that have inspired you so I read a
biography of JK Rowling you might want
to read one of Mary Curie Hermione also
loves history so it might be beneficial
for you to find some books about local
history because this is obviously what
Hermione does regarding Hogwarts or
history so this just means that you're
able to if you're talking about
something you're able to put two and two
together and say oh actually I read
about this in so-and-so and but also
just history in general historical
events that fascinate you so I just want
to love which you've seen probably about
three videos now which is the French
Revolution by Christopher Hobart I've
also got another example which is
medieval views of the cosmos I haven't
actually read this yet but I got this
for my birthday and when I read it I'm
tend to review on this I also feel her
mine would be very interested in
political levels so for example I read a
book a while back who blunders of the
government I can't remember the author
but the link to this will be down below
we know that Hermione gets the daily
profit every day so we know that she is
an interesting kind of fed and to flag
your political logic may be very useful
to read books in this genre I feel as
though her mine you would like to read
book such a relevant her current
situation so I've got a few example what
two examples first rule there's this
book called implied science by Brian
Clegg it uses the plane as a kind of an
allegory for scientific theories this is
only really applicable if you watch The
Simpsons but I have the Simpsons and
their mathematical secrets and I feel
Hermione would love this I've just got a
few more specific examples
so this one is personality disorders
encyclopedia and it is by Carol C
natterson MD then I have eyes influenced
by Rob Young every time that happen and
the definitive book of body language by
Alan and Barbra peas insect shooting is
capped by John graden and how big is
infinity by Tony cruelly lastly
lining would love to eat Harry Potter
she wire muggles so thank you for
watching and I hope that you enjoyed and
I am so glad to be uploading again I
hope that everyone had a very successful
exam season if you had examinations as
well and I wish you all the best for
when you get your results back